Resolve some tiny issues. (#112)
Lightning-AI/lightning-hpo: docs/source/workflows/optimize_with_pytorch_lightning.rst

----

*******************
Why Lightning HPO ?
*******************

> If you're already a PyTorch Lightning user and looking forward to do hyper-parameters optimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're already a PyTorch Lightning user and are looking forward to doing hyper-parameter optimization.
```
